When we looked at the water striders we collected, we found that they seemed to be 
split into two classes:
One class was much larger, and featured a hard exoskeleton, rectangular body, 
similarly sized middle and hind limbs and a darker coloration,
While the other was much smaller, had a softer exoskeleton, and a squatter body

We decided to graph our water striders' body length to weight to see if we could find any significant differences, and
as you can see on the graph here, there seem to be two primary clusters of water striders.
We then decided to split our water striders into two size classes around 35 mg, 
based on both morphological observations and the distribution on this graph.


After finishing our measurements, we ran Anova tests to compare the strider populations between each of the three forks.
The ANOVAs were run in different groups: first, with all of the water striders, between each location,
and then separately, comparing the large and small groups individually between each fork.
In each size group, we ran ANOVAs on the body parameters mentioned earlier, as well as on body condition and a few other ratios.
After these tests, we took the significant results and ran Tukey HSD tests on them to determine the source of significance;
that is to say, which fork was significantly different. 

So, for our results.

Here's our first ANOVA test, comparing body length to location for all of our water striders. The rest of the ANOVAs run
on the combined size class featured similar results, with largely overlapping interquartile ranges resulting in high P values

We then moved on to the large striders, where we found even closer similarities between all three forks.
As you can see, the interquartile ranges are practically identical, and we got a P value of .93, 
which was pretty much the case for all of the body parameters in the large striders.

However, when we got to our small striders, we started to find significant differences between groups. Specifically, striders in
the south fork, marked red, exhibited significantly shorter body, middle femur, and hind femur lengths.

Our body parameter analysis complete, we now needed to explain these differences.
We looked to our water parameters and, while we weren't able to collect many measurements, the measurements we did have pointed to
a few significant differences between the forks. However, the parameter we focused on was the Chlorine concentration,
given that it is the parameter that sets the South Fork apart, and also because of the extent of
how much higher the concetration was compared to the other forks.

Here is the earlier ANOVA, but with the locations replaced with the chlorine levels found in each location. 
If you look on the right side, you'll see the lowest body lengths match with the elevated chlorine level.

We were also interested in looking at a more qualitative measure of water strider health: Body Condition, which we measured
as a ratio of weight to body length. These graphs compare the different body conditions between the forks for both small 
and large striders. While the P values do not indicate significant findings, it should be pointed out that the south fork has 
striders with slightly lower body condition, indicating less plump striders there, a potential direction to look at.

Finally, we took the ratio of femur length to body length, and compared this ratio across the different size classes. This measurement
was in response to a hypothesis about the size classes being linked to age groups.


---------------------------------


One of the behavioral differences that could have lead to different results in significance between the large and 
small striders was differences in dispersal ability. 
Female water striders generally choose areas with high vegetation and slow currents to oviposit, and juvenile striders typically
do not stray far from these areas. This could in part be because they are more subject to changing water conditions, and the
high vegetation provides some shelter. This is also due to both competition and cannibalism from mature striders, who tend to prefer
slower, open waters. This may be because dense vegetation inhibits their movement. Mature striders also have far more freedom in
their dispersal, and can travel between different locations.

Because of this difference in dispersal however, mature water striders are subject to a different set of factors than juvenile striders.
Our sampling sites varied in terms of sunlight, vegetation, presence of man-made structures, and especially water speed; 
given that our samples were only collected from one point along each fork, our data on the large size class may not
properly account for mature striders who traveled from other sites; future testing should include multiple sampling 
sites to account for these factors

